Samarpan House 
Hauptstrasse 54 
V oigtsdorf  Germany, 
19 Aug 2014 
World Peace !In the life of a common man, the body takes priority. The common man lives a 
life that is dominated by the body. Samarpan meditation is a technique of 
meditation that teaches even the most common man to live a life that is 
dominated by the soul. This is possible through Samarpan meditation because 
millions of holy souls all over the world have accepted this technique, and 
accepting this technique brings us into this huge collectivity of souls. Since 
the soul is considered supreme in this technique of meditation, without any 
physical hardship, the dominance of the body reduces. Just as you would 
reduce the length of a line without cutting it, simple by drawing a much 
longer line next to it, in the same way, the longer the line of your spirituality 
the smaller the line of your body with become. And the smaller the line of the 
body becomes the smaller all the body related problems will become because 
all the problems of life are related to the body. In this manner, the life of a 
sadhak (practitioner of meditation) will become happy.  
!All our life, we try to get to know and understand other people but we never 
try to get to know ourselves. This technique of meditation teaches one to get 
to know oneself. This technique of meditation teaches the common man to 
turn inwards because it is based on the principle that world peace can never 
be achieved through holy books or through powerful instruments but can only 
be brought about by initiating inner peace in the soul of every individual. And 
in order to achieve inner peace of the soul, we will have to understand that we 
are a soul. This understanding can be acquired in the following ways: 
!1.Understanding that I have taken birth in several different languages but I 
am still a pure soul. 
!2.Understanding that I have taken birth in several different castes but I am 
still a pure soul. 
!3.Understanding that I have taken birth in several different religions but I 
am still a pure soul. 
!
!1SAMARPAN HOUSE: WORLD PEACE 	                                                                                                               4.Understanding that I have taken birth in several different countries but I 
am still a pure soul. 
!5.!5.1.Understanding that I have taken birth in all genders but I am still a 
pure soul.  
5.2.Understanding that I have not been affected by any language, caste, 
religion, country, gender or any other kind of differences. I was pure  
yesterday, I am pure today and I will remain pure tomorrow. 
5.3.Understanding that I have not been negatively affected by place, time 
or circumstances. I (the soul) stay away from all of these things and  
advice the body on what it should do and what it shouldn’t do because 
“I am a pure soul”. 
5.4.Purity is soul, and soul is purity. 
!6.I have only one language, the language of love. 
!7.I have only one religion, the religion of humanity. 
!8.The whole world is my home. 
!9.All of humanity is my family. 
!10.Neither am I male nor am I female. 
!11.Neither have I ever been born nor can I ever die. 
!12.Neither can I be unhappy nor can I be happy because I am above 
happiness and sorrow because “I am a pure soul”. 
!This sense of the soul/spirituality is created by regular practice of this 
technique of meditation. By accepting this technique of meditation, a 
practitioner can try to bring peace to the world by bringing peace to his/her 
own soul.  
!Lots and lots of blessings to all of you, 
!Yours, 
Baba Swami
!2SAMARPAN HOUSE: WORLD PEACE 	                                                                                                               